What language do you use for algorithm?
- At the first time I met algotrithm test. I used python. That time I wanted to learn about python and I was good at python coder with algorithm test. 
I used to use python. After I got a job, I had to be similiar with cpp like native code. Since then, I've been learning about cpp with algorithm to get better cpp coder.
Also, I'm not great at cpp. But I'm trying it, and I'm going to try it more and more until I'm great.


The type of dynamic array is vector in CPP
- Also, using static array is more effective than using dynamic array in algorithm.
But now I want to use dynamic array to concentrate thinking about algorithm.


What type of algorithm inside cpp standard library do you use?
- vector
- string
- unordered_map
    - unordered_map<int, int> mapping;
    - unordered_map<string, vector<int>> mapping; 
- unordered_set
    - unordered_set<int> visited;
    - unordered_set<string> visited;
- queue
- stack

How to solve algorithm test?
- Abstract tests and figure out solution to get to the heart.


The way to store data in datastructure is to use array(순차저장) and linked list(체인저장)


When you analyze the problem, you have to think with from Recursive, top-down, abstract to concrete way.

Array and linked list are substructures in basic.
Various datastructures are based on them.

Expression method of Graph algorithm have adjacency list(linked list) and adjacency matrix(quadratic matrix).
We use adjacency matrix when to figure out connect quickly. 

Hasing table do mapping array and key value with hash algorithm.
How to solve hash collision is open hasing and closed hashing.

Tree
- Array : Heap tree
- Linked list : Binary search tree, AVL tree, Red-black tree, interval tree, B tree etc

Basic action in datastruture has traversal and access.
In detail, add, delete, search, modify

linear - for/while
nonlinear - recursion

